Next couple of videos we gonna be,
creating the single order page to display what is
in the order and the total and all that good stuff.
And then also there should be a page that lists all
of these orders.
And I'd like to encourage you to try
and do those yourselves,
*cause this is pretty simple stuff.
You're just gonna query the data, loop over it,
display it on the page, maybe a couple
of links to different pages and you're good to go.
So we need to do this page /order/ the ID.
So in order to do that,
(laughs loudly)
in order to do that,
you know that's good,
we're going to need an order folder.
So new folder, order and then inside of that,
we'll need a square [Id].js file.
And that should catch this specific route.
In there, we'll export default function order page
or may be a single order page, we'll call it.
And from that return a div, that says, hey.
Now if you refresh this page, here we go.
Now we see, hey, showing up on that page.
Good, so first thing we wanna do is,
we actually need to query the ID of the order.
And I believe that comes in via props.
Let's console.log the props
to see what we're working with here.
Here we go, query, ID.
So we can destructure query here.
And let's just try put the ID into this div that we have,
query.id, here we go.
So the ID of that order is being passed.
And if you don't have this page open, you can just go
to your orders and grab an ID from any one of these orders.
We haven't done permissions or anything.
So it doesn't even matter
if it's associated with the user or not.
Next up we'll make a query.
So const single order query,.
GQL got it.
Import GQL.Always do it twice.
There we go.
Now inside of here, make a query called single order query
It takes in an ID with the type of ID.
And then in there we use our Keystone query
which we'll go here.
Well, we'll do a query, just is order, right?
We just want one specific order.
So it is capital order.
I don't like the fact that
it comes back with a capital on it
So in our case, we could just rename that to lowercase order
like that.
And then for the order, we need to say, give me
a specific order where the ID is gonna be equal
to the ID variable that's passed in to this query.
Then for each order, we wanna grab the ID of that order
the charge, the total, the user, that order
is associated with, the items that are in that order,
and then for each item, we want the ID of that item
the name, the description,
the price,
the photo image,
and the public URL transformed,
and then finally, also quantity of how many did they buy
of that thing, all right?
And we'll go down here and write a little query.
So const data
And I donno
we just destructure like this data error and loading
Sequel to use query
Pass it or a single order query.
And then the variables
are going to be ID, which is queried ID.
All right, then inside of here, I could say
if we are loading return P loading
if there is an error, then return our error message
Got to import that at the top, import error message
from go up a level into components.
Oh, we got to go up two levels, that's why,
then components and then into error message.
Okay. And then you pass that error here.
This will be helpful when we get into permissions,
if someone's trynna view an order that is legitimate
but they're not allowed, then we will tell them,
"Hey buddy, you're not allowed to see this order."
what are you snooping for?
All right,now, next, what we wanna do is to
destructure the order from that.
So const order is equal
to data that will take the data.order property
and put it into its own value.
And then I believe we should be able to do things
like order.ID.
And if we save that nothing changes. It worked.
But we should be also seeing something like total.
Here we go ordered.charge
Here we go.
Good, good, good.
So now we can start to
kinda render out a bunch
of the data that we wanna show on the page here.
So let's just scare it, all this.
We need order styles
Try to auto import that and all that
one's not working.
So we'll import it at the top import order styles from
up to levels, into our components folder
into styles, directory, and then order styles.
And inside of that, let's use our head so we can do the SEO.
So we'll import head from next head.
What are the top import head from next head.
And then in here, we could simply just say title
is equal to sick fits
and we'll say, ordered.ID.
Here we go, now we've got, now we have some
a nice title bar showing up there
below that we need a paragraph,
what they span says, order ID
and then another span that has the order.ID.
Good. Let's duplicate that and say, charge
Good. We're basically just gonna be rendering
out all the data that is in that one.
We'll do another one.Say,
order total is ordered.total
and we can wrap that in a format, money function.
Obviously we gotta import it.
Come on VS code
Sometimes the import doesn't work.
I'm not sure why.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that
this file has square brackets in the name I donno
import format money from lib format money.
There we go.
$34
and then we'll do another one that says item count.
I'll say, order.items.length
Good. Just so there's one item in that.
And then we'll give itself the div with a class of items
and we'll take the ordered.items and map over it.
Ordered.items.map.
We got the item.
And then for each one, we'll return a div with a class
of order-item.
We also need a key of the item.ID on there,
You source an image where the source is
the item.photo.image.public
You're all transformed.
I am so excited not to ever have to type that again.
(laughs loudly)
That's the worst, worst name for that.
And then we can say item.title.
There we go
Looking good of H2 tag.
Oh no, We need a div with a class of item details.
And then H2 tag inside of there as item.name
paragraph tag item.quantity,
qty could duplicate it.
Each
is a format money and
is item.price.
Let's say sub total
Which is the item.price times the item.quantity
there we go.
Looking good.
And then finally, a paragraph tag
with the item.description in it.
Boom, that's looking pretty good.
Let's try, switch out the ID with one that has more
than one item like this one has lots of items.
So I'm just gonna grab the ID here, switch it out.
Here we go
That's looking pretty slick, pretty, pretty slick.
So that's enough for that one single order in the next one
we will move over to displaying all
of the orders on one page that you can click through
and visit one of these.